---
layout: post
title: Milestone 2
---

## Question 4.5 Feature Engineering

<b> List of Added Features</b><br>

<ol>
  <li> <b>game_seconds :</b> time passed in seconds since start of game.
  </li>
  <li> <b>game_period :</b> current period of game.
  </li>
  <li> <b>x :</b> x coordinate of the shot.
  </li>
  <li> <b>y :</b> y coordinate of the shot.
  </li>
  <li> <b>distanceNet_or_shotDistance :</b> distance between the net and the xy coordinates of the shot.
  </li>
  <li> <b>angleNet_or_shotAngleWithSign :</b> angle between the middle line (on y-axis) and the line connecting xy coordinates of the shot and net.
  </li>
  <li> <b>shot_angle_absolute :</b> absolute value of shot angle.
  </li>
  <li> <b>shotType :</b> type of shot.
  </li>
  <li> <b>last_event :</b> type of last event.
  </li>
  <li> <b>last_x :</b> x coordinate of last event.
  </li>
  <li> <b>last_y :</b> y coordinate of last event.
  </li>
  <li> <b>time_from_last_event :</b> time passed in seconds since the last event.
  </li>
  <li> <b>distance_from_last_event :</b> distance between xy coordinates of last event and current event.
  </li>
  <li> <b>rebound :</b> indicates whether this shot is a rebound shot. True if the last event was also a shot, otherwise False.
  </li>
  <li> <b>change_in_shot_angle :</b> The angle between the line passing through last shot position and net, and the line passing through current rebound shot position and net.
  </li>
  <li> <b>speed :</b>  the distance from the previous event divided by the time since the previous event.
  </li>
  <li> <b>time_since_powerplay_started :</b>  time passed (in seconds) since the start of power-play, reset to 0 when power-play ends.
  </li>
  <li> <b>nbFriendly_non_goalie_skaters :</b>  number of friendly skaters of the shooting team on the ice
  </li>
  <li> <b>nbOpposing_non_goalie_skaters :</b>  number of opposing skaters of the shooting team on the ice
  </li>
  <li> <b>team_side :</b>  the side of rink of the shooting team
  </li>
  
</ol>

<b>Comet.ml link storing to the experiment which stores the filtered DataFrame artifact for game 'wpg_v_wsh_2017021065':</b><br>

<a https://www.comet.com/ift6758-22-team2/nhl-analytics/acf3478af3d1474eb6fdbab970370d9c"> https://www.comet.com/ift6758-22-team2/nhl-analytics/acf3478af3d1474eb6fdbab970370d9c </a>